## Day 11 (or 8) @ RC

This post was originally labelled "where am i".  
I'm not entirely sure whether I should count Monday to Fridays, or weekends too - weekends too I guess, since Fridays themselves aren't even techically normal work days.

Day 11 it is then.

Here's some things I have been doing:

- socializing
- helping people debug
- getting help debugging
- pairing to solve little puzzles
- eating
- walking
- reading Zulip (internal chat system)
- solving Nand to Tetris projects
- jumping around spastically from project to project

So there's the good and the bad. What did I come here to do? What kinds of things do I want to learn, do, practise, or improve at?

HARD SKILLS  

- low level comprehension from hardware to OSes
- using debugging tools for Javascript
- knowledge of algorithms, big O complexity, data structures

SOFT SKILLS  

- reading other people's code and knowing what's going on
- giving and taking programming instructions verbally
- being confident in my abilities

My big project is to build an interactive-web-app-guide-follow-along that assists other people who want to work through the _Nand to Tetris_ [course](http://www.nand2tetris.org) and/or accompanying book, _The elements of Computing Systems_. I have been extremely lucky to have a group of people here with whom I can talk about and solve problems, but if I hadn't, I highly doubt that I would have stuck with it. I am also aware of many others who wish they could be/have been part of such a group, and David Branner in particular suggested that a guide would be wonderful. James suggested putting it in interactive web app form, which was perfect timing because I just watched an [awesome animated explanation of the javascript event loop in browsers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ).

I am holing myself away in a room in an attempt to focus better. Result: focusing excellently on writing this blog post. Nice try. -_-
