---
date: 2021-01-15 22:08:41
---
I love the idea of food parties, where there shall be a theme, and all participants may contribute to variants on the theme. My ideas have included:

- plant milk party: i bake chocolate chip cookies and everyone brings a different non-dairy milk for sampling. because there are so many! like havernut i mean hazelnut, and pea, and yumm. of course, i bake the cookies because they must be standardized in order to properly pit the milks against each other without confounding variables. :sunglasses:
- ice cream sundae partae: this should take place on a sunday. because there is nothing more important when planning a party than to maximize puns before even beginning. guests bring a topping of their desiring, like chocolate sauce and bananas and cherries and pecans and brownies. the problem with this party is that i only want vegan ice cream which is eXPENsive. maybe i can get an ice cream machine and then make my own... :sunglasses:
- sushi party: i, the esteemed host, prepare sushi rice and nori for rolling, while the hungry invités bring their preferred vegan sushi ingreds. (sorry, i am not down for flopping a bunch of dead fish around my house. :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:) then, we have an adventure attempting to roll and slice the aforementioned components into..i suppose into maki rounds (rolled up) or sushi blobs (oblong blobs of rice with a topping draped delicately over them).
- ramen party: inspired by a dear friend who missed a particular brand of indonesian instant noodles and suddenly chanced upon them while in the wonderful city that is NYC, he bought a billion packages to share and we all happily slurped up our noodles. this plan was originally stymied by my lack of sufficiently high bowls. but if i had the bowls i wanted, party peeps could bring corn and green onions and tofu and greens. ramen party memory reminds me of:
- salad factory: an ingenius invention of a person who came before me, wherein all participants bring various salad components - nuts, dressings, leafies, fruits.. - and each member mixes and matches to their heart's content. i adore this because salad needs too many ingredients and to be too fresh for me alone to be bothered to eat many of them.
- hot pot party: my latest dream, based out of an inability to ever go out for hot pot due to my avoidance of meat. i dream of a beautiful spiced broth bubbling on my stove, with plates of greens and mushrooms and tofu puffs. apparently i can maybe even find vegan fish puffs?! see, i do have the significant obstacle of not having any hot surface to maintain the hot pot hot on, but a girl can dream. and dream she does.

Since no food parties (or other parties) may occur until the post-covid era, I am free to cook up ideas (heh heh) of any proportions. Also since no parties may occur, I am free to be as enthusiastic as I want about hosting them, all while experiencing none of the dread and anxiety that accompany actually doing so. I get anxious about hosting parties because I want everything to be perfect because if everything is perfect then people will like me and if people like me then I will feel temporarily relieved. (I have decided it is a good idea to fully verbalize the explanations for any unfortunate mental habits I may have.) Ah see, it feels less constricting already. :)

See you at the party!
