---
layout: post
title:  "Day 2 @ RC"
tags: RC code thoughts
made-at-rc: true
---

__My Computer__  

Su helped me fix my Windows partition!! Holy smokes! She is a magician!! <3  
I should definitely have been able to do it myself - we just reset the whole thing. But it was fun to not have Windows for a while and just live that way. Because whatever.  

Also, my poor boring new computer has some new digs - Stanley was sharing some of his long-collected stickers! <!--more-->So I have the git logo, the github octocat, and a fancy octocat from their culturally diverse collection. Wow I should totally not be writing this o.o .  

__Nand to tetris__  

I started reading the associated book and it really kind of stinks. It's hard. It's super not fun. I have no idea what they're saying.  
Then I was accidentally sitting in a checkin room and Michelle came in so I told her what was up and she told me to find a logic gate sandbox online and mess around. So I read [this](http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/logic-gate-AND-OR-XOR-NOT-NAND-NOR-and-XNOR) and used my brain and played [here](http://www.neuroproductions.be/logic-lab/) and it's much more fun and more satisfying.  

__Veggiematarian__  

Everyone is so encouraging and helpful. They have all these suggestions of what I can eat that is cheap and veg. I love it. It's amazing.  

__I helped a person do a thing!__  

I was totally just a rubber duck. The problem was totally something I do all the time. It was having an incorrect file path. Love it.  

__Stuff that was interesting that I wasn't actually involved in__  

Listening to James help Veronica set up her dev environment.  

__To Do:__  
- build a tool that automatically RSVPs me to every event on Zulip, adds it to my google calendar, and then tells me I'm going
- build my tesselating youtube video text-in-image processing tool
- write hand pricking web app using unhosted

